feat: Editorial review: Add docs for notRestoredReasons (#32920)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancenavigationtiming/index.md

  - : A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the time immediately after the current document's [`load`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/load_event) event handler completes.
- {{domxref('PerformanceNavigationTiming.loadEventStart')}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the time immediately before the current document's [`load`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/load_event) event handler starts.

> - {{domxref('PerformanceNavigationTiming.notRestoredReasons')}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{domxref('PerformanceNavigationTiming.notRestoredReasons')}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
```

>   - : A {{domxref("NotRestoredReasons")}} object providing report data on reasons why the current document was blocked from using the [back/forward cache (bfcache)](https://web.dev/articles/bfcache) on navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : A {{domxref("NotRestoredReasons")}} object providing report data on reasons why the current document was blocked from using the back/forward cache ({{Glossary("bfcache")}}) on navigation.
```
